- Axel
(coughing)
(laughing)
- Tired of niggas cappin'
(tired of niggas cappin')
- Trap House Vibes
- Niggas frontin' their jewels (yeah)
They ain't expectin' this one
♪ Facts, my bitch love coco ♪
♪ Woo back, baby (woo back, baby) woo! ♪
♪ Let me see some ♪
♪ Okay, okay ♪
♪ Look, you cannot say
Pop and forget the Smoke ♪
♪ I'm from the Floss where niggas' tote ♪
♪ They couldn't be Crips,
so they turned Folks (bah) ♪
♪ Drivin' through the 'Ville,
droppin' the Cho (brr) ♪
♪ I gotta laugh, 'cause
these niggas jokes ♪
♪ Dread like, "Who these
niggas?" (who these niggas) ♪
♪ I don't know (I don't
know), but I'm on go (woo) ♪
♪ And I'm in that Bugatti,
movin' two hunnid (bah) ♪
♪ Givin' bucks like, "who shot ya?" ♪
♪ Me and Trey, that's
four choppers (woo) ♪
♪ Man down (woo), all you
see is helicopters (grr) ♪
♪ Paramedics pick him up, they
gon' send him to the doctor ♪
♪ I'm in the hood like
an engine, revvin' ♪
♪ (Trey, get that nigga) ♪
♪ My checks is clearin' (woo, woo) ♪
♪ Your checks is pending (woo, woo) ♪
♪ And I got a couple gangstas,
let me know (it's a fact) ♪
♪ If you want smoke (if you want smoke) ♪
♪ 'Cause boy I can send
'em (boy, I can send 'em) ♪
♪ And I got a bad bitch, ass up ♪
♪ Face down (face down) ♪
♪ Yeah, she love doggy style (uh-huh) ♪
♪ And she got a Louis bag (yeah) ♪
♪ That hold the extendo (woo, woo) ♪
♪ Okay, okay ♪
♪ Facts, my bitch love coco ♪
♪ Woo back, baby (woo back, baby), woo ♪
♪ Let me see some ♪
♪ Okay, okay (I see it) ♪
♪ Okay, okay (turn around) ♪
♪ My bitch love coco ♪
♪ Woo back, baby (woo back, baby) woo ♪
♪ Let me see some ♪
♪ Okay, okay (I see it) ♪
♪ Okay, okay (right) ♪
♪ Got it jumpin' out the zoo ♪
♪ Seein' red, seein' blue (yeah) ♪
♪ Young La Flame, how it moves ♪
♪ Pop Flare, how it (woo) ♪
♪ Bring my hands down 'til
I hide my face (yeah) ♪
♪ Duck away, she wanna
lay up and hibernate ♪
♪ I took a chance, it's a lot to take ♪
♪ I took a right, ended up
right away (straight up) ♪
♪ She need a chunk, not
a piece (all right) ♪
♪ It cost me three for the keys (keys) ♪
♪ Not the work but the V ♪
♪ She let it twirl to the beat ♪
♪ I send the work, bet it reach (reach) ♪
♪ Wearin' pearls,
expensive beads (beads) ♪
♪ I only hurl it at my peeps (it's lit) ♪
♪ Cuts, diamond cuts,
I done popped a blue ♪
♪ Two cups of the stuff, now I'm up ♪
♪ Coco Chanel when she tuck it ♪
♪ We both get a nut ♪
♪ Nah, nah, nah, nah ♪
♪ My bitch love coco ♪
♪ Woo back, baby (woo back, baby), woo ♪
♪ Let me see some ♪
♪ Okay, okay (I see it) ♪
♪ Okay, okay (turn around) ♪
♪ My bitch love coco ♪
♪ Woo back, baby (woo back, baby), woo ♪
♪ Let me see some ♪
♪ Okay, okay (I see it) ♪
♪ Okay, okay (turn around) ♪
Yeah, gang shit
Uh-huh
Move it
Yes, sir